[SPEAKER_05]: He's saying...
[SPEAKER_04]: We were the home team, so if they would score, we'd have to score and come back.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I was like in my mind, I'm like, I really don't want to keep playing.
[SPEAKER_05]: And they kept tying it up.
[SPEAKER_05]: We'd come back and tie it up and play another inning.
[SPEAKER_05]: I thought you were going to have to go to the bullpen.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Will you guys please allude?
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Throw the fingers.
[SPEAKER_05]: You're throwing to your own team, so.
[SPEAKER_05]: so that I actually did strike out the last girl.
[SPEAKER_05]: I was like, okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which the other team had scored like four runs at the top of the inning, so it was going to be hard for us to catch anyway.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, it was a long, long day.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think this is it for today.
[SPEAKER_05]: this evening back Wednesday Greg's out and CK is
[SPEAKER_05]: at that, at the moment.
[SPEAKER_07]: Doesn't go to a normal doctor?
[SPEAKER_06]: No, it's cheaper.
[SPEAKER_03]: He has a cat named Kat.
[SPEAKER_03]: A cat named Kat.
[SPEAKER_05]: Every time I go, it's so expensive.
[SPEAKER_03]: The doctor or the vet?
[SPEAKER_03]: The vet.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe he has vet insurance.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do need to make Mabel an appointment.
[SPEAKER_06]: Maybe this week sometime.
[SPEAKER_06]: I do need to make Mabel an appointment for this week sometime.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, what do you do with her when you leave?
[SPEAKER_06]: Like once a week we'll take her to daycare and that seems to pretty well wipe her out.
[SPEAKER_06]: for the rest of the week.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's nice.
[SPEAKER_06]: Other than that, she just stays in her saloon.
[SPEAKER_06]: Gotcha.
[SPEAKER_06]: Does it have a dog door on it?
[SPEAKER_06]: No.
[SPEAKER_06]: usually sleeps long enough that she doesn't go to the bathroom.
[SPEAKER_06]: Really?
[SPEAKER_06]: and the dog likes to sleep.
[SPEAKER_06]: That's crazy.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: My friends, like,
[SPEAKER_03]: I have a basset, too, and I feel like the thing's always peeing.
[SPEAKER_03]: They have to leave all the time.
[SPEAKER_06]: I gotta go let the dog out.
[SPEAKER_06]: A lot of times it's gonna work like in the morning
[SPEAKER_06]: go home with lunch and take her out.
[SPEAKER_06]: I think it was
[SPEAKER_06]: whatever day that was, I worked from home last week.
[SPEAKER_06]: It was like,
[SPEAKER_06]: 2.15 before she actually got out of bed.
[SPEAKER_06]: She never got up in the morning to go to the bathroom.
[SPEAKER_06]: Like we went to bed like 9 or 10 o'clock the night before she slept until 2.15
[SPEAKER_06]: I'm sure that he doesn't want to go out there either.
[SPEAKER_06]: she kind of likes she'll like go sit out in the backyard and just like bask in the sun for like 15 minutes
[SPEAKER_06]: and then come back in all hot and go back to sleep.
[SPEAKER_03]: You gotta park cat fast and hound.
[SPEAKER_06]: It gives them a different meaning to the term, it's a dog's life.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: She was freaking out the other day with her mess up the piece, too.
[SPEAKER_06]: Just, I want to leave him outside too.
[SPEAKER_06]: He died bombing her instead of the air conditioner.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I didn't let her out.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright, this will be a quick one, I'm sure.
[SPEAKER_05]: The...
[SPEAKER_05]: Do you have any releases?
[SPEAKER_05]: We'll get a cabinet order I think we're in.
[SPEAKER_05]: I've got...
[SPEAKER_05]: I think we're finally done with the formatting of the
[SPEAKER_05]: the Lincoln file for Ethan's side.
[SPEAKER_05]: The main thing we gotta get fixed now
[SPEAKER_05]: NSYNC is the data because we don't know what they have loaded.
[SPEAKER_05]: What we have is the truth, but we don't know what they have.
[SPEAKER_05]: get it all back in sync and they don't seem to understand
[SPEAKER_05]: Like we could just take our data and use it.
[SPEAKER_05]: I just have to make sure it's in sync with what they have.
[SPEAKER_05]: We'll figure that out this week and hopefully...
[SPEAKER_05]: Get that out the door, be ready.
[SPEAKER_07]: this FTP thing that you're doing, is that a manual process?
[SPEAKER_07]: the ones that, yeah, for the MMS at this point.
[SPEAKER_07]: the same going forward?
[SPEAKER_05]: Well, eventually we'll get it set up the same as we do for
[SPEAKER_05]: where they just click a button and it exports and throws it out to their FTP.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it's now something we'll have to do here?
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: Eventually, yes.
[SPEAKER_05]: That would be nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was going to say, if you want me to do something with that when you're not here.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can do that, but it all depends on the sensitivity of it and all that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So if it deals with paychecks
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: and it is the sets of data
[SPEAKER_05]: It doesn't take long.
[SPEAKER_05]: I mean, it's a couple minutes at most.
[SPEAKER_05]: just text file and put it on FTP.
[SPEAKER_03]: Jordan was saying,
[SPEAKER_03]: The other day, the life insurance ended up being
[SPEAKER_03]: Not good because like four people died this year that had it or something.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like on the floor, it was crazy.
[SPEAKER_03]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Really?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, they like got too hot.
[SPEAKER_05]: This year?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, since we had life insurance.
[SPEAKER_03]: They died at work?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, apparently.
[SPEAKER_03]: What?
[SPEAKER_03]: You know about this.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know about that.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's what Jordan said.
[SPEAKER_05]: Jordan's blowing smoke.
[SPEAKER_05]: He might have been.
[SPEAKER_05]: I feel like there would have been news if we had four people that have dropped.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't think it was the same day.
[SPEAKER_03]: about that yeah I heard about it I don't know about you guys
[SPEAKER_03]: You said the stroke out, I assume died.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe they just overheated them.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, that's probably more likely they overheated.
[SPEAKER_07]: heat stroke and had to go sit in the corner somewhere and rest under the air conditioner.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm gonna go call him, send you guys all a message.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, yeah, put it in Slack.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, I was like, really?
[SPEAKER_03]: And he's like, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: He's like, because he was like, life insurance ended up being badly.
[SPEAKER_03]: three or four, I think he said four.
[SPEAKER_02]: Which I mean, some people may have like, I don't think they've died here.
[SPEAKER_03]: It might have not been here, but...
[SPEAKER_07]: I could see somebody out there mowing the grass stroking out because I...
[SPEAKER_07]: Nearly done that myself.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was like I won't do that again
[SPEAKER_03]: I was like, well, you know they don't drink water.
[SPEAKER_03]: Probably.
[SPEAKER_03]: And he's like, yeah, I think most of them just drink energy drinks.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was like,
[SPEAKER_03]: Weird, I don't want to know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anything under said?
[SPEAKER_01]: Three things.
[SPEAKER_01]: are queued as of this morning.
[SPEAKER_01]: They are the privacy policy for
[SPEAKER_01]: shallow aspect of the cliffs.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that's all we have planned.
[SPEAKER_01]: Wasn't there one for the main site too?
[SPEAKER_01]: There was a ticket that came in
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I guess that'll go out this week.
[SPEAKER_01]: But that too.
[SPEAKER_01]: Great.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's just text on the bottom of the screen, right?
Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_05]: Ticket-wise, it was pretty quiet last week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Which was good.
[SPEAKER_05]: Sounds like bad.
[SPEAKER_05]: Really?
[SPEAKER_05]: I think we have one or two calls from Jordan.
[SPEAKER_05]: I got one from Jeff, but it was an easy one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Jordan called it a couple times for you.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, they're trying to switch banks.
[SPEAKER_03]: and they're seeing if the ACH format worked.
[SPEAKER_03]: But this bank uses a different format, apparently.
[SPEAKER_03]: They say it's ACH, but all the numbers are in different places, and we've been working through this.
you
[SPEAKER_03]: So I don't know, because the bank said, I don't know, we always just tell people ACH and it works.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it looks like what we figured out is
[SPEAKER_03]: it goes like the current banks go account to account
[SPEAKER_03]: and like they process it but this bank uses a third party processor so it goes to that
[SPEAKER_03]: processor first and then to the bank and then to our account.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sure there's like a different file format name that we can
[SPEAKER_03]: but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: So this is the main?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, they're thinking about switching the main WW account.
[SPEAKER_03]: But right now we're just testing with two
[SPEAKER_03]: that are already at that thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: One of the other companies.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm just trying to do a transfer.
[SPEAKER_03]: But then Chris sent me a link to this
[SPEAKER_03]: website called Modern Treasury that looks like it has potential to
[SPEAKER_03]: not even use the bank and you hook your bank account to it and then they provide an API
[SPEAKER_03]: or you can do transactions from account that you
[SPEAKER_03]: And I was looking more into that on Friday, Jordan.
[SPEAKER_03]: kept calling so I didn't get 100% into it but it does look
[SPEAKER_03]: possible and then that would fix the issue we're having with
[SPEAKER_03]: Fortune foundry where we couldn't transfer
[SPEAKER_03]: correctly between accounts because we would upload an ACH file for each account.
[SPEAKER_03]: It wasn't really as safe much.
[SPEAKER_03]: but they only give you information if you request a demo?
[SPEAKER_03]: So I wanna make sure that it actually fits all our needs before I'm like,
[SPEAKER_03]: Hey, we should do a meeting together.
[SPEAKER_05]: What did you say it was called?
[SPEAKER_03]: Modern treasury.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, Chris found it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know how he found it, but it does look like a good candidate for
[SPEAKER_03]: that as long as they're not like a scam or something.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I was using chat GPT research.
[SPEAKER_02]: I had an old chat from where we were looking at stuff for Fortune Foundry before.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think I just updated my specifications for what.
[SPEAKER_02]: we were looking for and it provided that as an option.
[SPEAKER_03]: It seems like it could work because they
[SPEAKER_03]: do like five different things.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sure they try to sell you on everything and that's why they want to do a demo.
[SPEAKER_03]: But for us, it looks like they provide an API
[SPEAKER_03]: with several different endpoints.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then you kind of hook your,
[SPEAKER_03]: bank to it and I guess they
[SPEAKER_03]: generated ACH file behind the scenes via there.
[SPEAKER_02]: One thing I couldn't quite tell looking at it, it almost looked like they
[SPEAKER_02]: It had a dashboard where you could
[SPEAKER_02]: set up transfers and transactions like from their portal too.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just kind of wonder if they
[SPEAKER_02]: Like if they couldn't do what Fortune Foundry is doing,
[SPEAKER_03]: It might be able to.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you have that depth to it, you know the
[SPEAKER_02]: Fortune foundry is not super complicated, but there is a pretty significant hierarchy that is running through.
[SPEAKER_02]: but like a bit with you it looked like you could set up
[SPEAKER_02]: It's pretty standard, straightforward automated transactions, but it would actually
[SPEAKER_02]: do a force in Calvary God, that would be
[SPEAKER_02]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I don't know what all their...
[SPEAKER_03]: Dashboard does because I saw they had the dashboard and then they have like
[SPEAKER_03]: some sort of payroll thing and like they had five or six different softwares and I was
[SPEAKER_03]: I was looking into it and then Jordan called back and I was like, hey, how's this ACH transfer thing going?
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh yeah, I kind of forgot about you.
[SPEAKER_03]: But last I talked to Jordan was Friday and we were waiting on the bank.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I'm sure they probably got back with him this morning.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know Ethan has that on the list.
[SPEAKER_02]: like getting fortune foundry out and finished at some point.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think we'll have to like expedite that probably more than what he did.
[SPEAKER_02]: was planning like the vibe of getting down there where they're getting really tired like especially in this
[SPEAKER_02]: Looking at switching banks now.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're doing the distributions more frequently.
[SPEAKER_02]: and then like getting like 15 checks and 15 deposits dumped out with different banks
[SPEAKER_02]: and then having to go physically drive these papers to the bank is getting old.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I could see that for sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I know what we had and I think that's where we landed before we were wanting like
[SPEAKER_02]: Like being able to dump everything into a file and process it when we couldn't
[SPEAKER_02]: but like now like we don't really care even if we just have to spit out 15 files and manually
[SPEAKER_02]: manually upload 15 files of different things, that's better than what we're doing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Which that wouldn't be too hard to generate a file for each.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like if they switch and we have different format types.
[SPEAKER_02]: If the modern treasury thing would...
[SPEAKER_02]: Take care of that, that would be nice.
[SPEAKER_03]: That would be nice.
[SPEAKER_03]: It seems more likely than any of the other ones I've looked at.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, so you're...
[SPEAKER_05]: This side, project, finance, hand.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, I called it a side quest.
[SPEAKER_03]: So is that related to that issue that you put in?
[SPEAKER_03]: Friday?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: It started on Thursday and I made the ticket Friday because it
[SPEAKER_03]: Carrying it into Friday and now it's carrying it into Monday.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's super helpful though.
[SPEAKER_07]: could put stuff in there like Jordan called and it just sends you a team's message and send you an email and
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's all good.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we don't have to have him under.
[SPEAKER_07]: him on there as a stakeholder so he doesn't get bombed.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it's great.
[SPEAKER_03]: Originally, I was like, oh, this is just the one-op.
[SPEAKER_03]: They just wanted to generate a file and they called it like...
[SPEAKER_03]: 45 and they're like, hey, can we get this by four?
[SPEAKER_03]: And I was like, oh yes, I actually do a bold.
[SPEAKER_03]: request for some reason and
[SPEAKER_03]: So I didn't make a ticket, but then it carried in, so yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think I just made it an issue.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: Depends on you.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's not a bug.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's not a...
[SPEAKER_07]: It's not a new app.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's an issue, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know if CK has talked to you at all, Chris, but he was
[SPEAKER_05]: He demoed me his...
[SPEAKER_05]: Smart Bear Replacement app.
[SPEAKER_05]: Oh, yeah?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: and it's pretty simple right now.
[SPEAKER_05]: I gave them a couple,
[SPEAKER_05]: suggestions, pointers on the UI side of things.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, it's...
[SPEAKER_05]: He's getting to where he thinks we can get out of Smart Bear eventually.
[SPEAKER_05]: Probably not this year, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's looking good.
[SPEAKER_05]: So that would take one thing off of our books.
[SPEAKER_05]: But yeah, once it gets to a good place to show you what it does and looks like, we'll show them too.
[SPEAKER_05]: Anything else?
[SPEAKER_06]: Def code next week.
[SPEAKER_05]: Next week?
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's Thursday, or sorry, Tuesday through?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, we'll leave Tuesday and fly back Monday.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is Natalie going to that?
[SPEAKER_05]: I think so.
[SPEAKER_05]: which I thought.
[SPEAKER_05]: So it was six, two.
[SPEAKER_05]: Shane and Jake.
[SPEAKER_05]: Steven and Adeline.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you have any facts?
[SPEAKER_01]: I have several small facts.
[SPEAKER_01]: I could not think of it as a big one.
[SPEAKER_01]: But one, this is more practical than interesting, but
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, the detergent that you get, it comes with like a cup and it's got like
[SPEAKER_01]: the loads on it or whatever.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, modern washers,
[SPEAKER_01]: you only need like one tablespoon and
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know what they recommend that is probably like at least five tablespoons for like the
[SPEAKER_01]: So they're ripping you off, basically.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, they're also...
[SPEAKER_01]: like destroying the washers when you do it too, if you do too much.
[SPEAKER_01]: The second one is male black widow spiders don't
[SPEAKER_01]: look like black widow spiders.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're small, they're like that big.
[SPEAKER_01]: But the way you can, if you ever see a small spider like about that big,
[SPEAKER_01]: that has white, black, yellow, and red stripes on the back.
[SPEAKER_01]: Probably a male black widow spider.
[SPEAKER_07]: Are they poisonous like the females?
[SPEAKER_01]: As far as I know, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Ant Mill, this one.
[SPEAKER_01]: It would be depressing if they weren't just ants and termites,
[SPEAKER_01]: Basically, wherever they go, they leave
[SPEAKER_01]: a trail and the trail evaporates.
[SPEAKER_01]: So if the route is good,
[SPEAKER_01]: and a lot of ants are using it, the trail doesn't evaporate and it's stronger because they keep going.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, if one amp loops back through the original trail
[SPEAKER_01]: and enough ants start doing that, it will cause what's called an ant mill.
[SPEAKER_01]: where they basically just go in a circle until they die.
[SPEAKER_01]: and they pile up like piles of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: and it doesn't stop.
[SPEAKER_01]: And each time another ant comes along, it just strengthens the trail.
[SPEAKER_01]: The last one is about poison dart frogs.
[SPEAKER_01]: They have
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm not sure if it might actually be poison, either poison or venom on their skin.
[SPEAKER_01]: and that can be used to make Dart sense of name.
[SPEAKER_01]: But what I didn't know
[SPEAKER_01]: is that they obtain or they develop that poison
[SPEAKER_01]: from the food that they consume.
[SPEAKER_01]: you can get them in pet stores
[SPEAKER_01]: and they're safe because they're not eating those like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm assuming it's like bullet amps, which are like really
[SPEAKER_01]: powerful ants in jungle climates, but
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know how much they were, less than $50, but you can get them at like PetSmart or whatever.
[SPEAKER_01]: So long as you don't have bullet and two should be fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's what they read?
[SPEAKER_01]: What's the book?
[SPEAKER_01]: Bullet ants?
[SPEAKER_01]: Probably bullet ants.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm almost certain bullet ants, but probably a variety of things.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I've seen videos at the bulletin.
[SPEAKER_01]: When we were in Costa Rica,
[SPEAKER_01]: For our crews, we saw one of those bullpen ants.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're huge.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're like that big.
[SPEAKER_07]: I wonder if you can or they probably do make some kind of a
[SPEAKER_07]: simulate or collect that scent that those ants make.
[SPEAKER_07]: maybe you could you can put it somewhere and make them go somewhere that would be
[SPEAKER_07]: way to control your hands in your house?
[SPEAKER_01]: I actually had
[SPEAKER_01]: a professor, Dr. Zhang I.
[SPEAKER_01]: that tried that.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said he had an amp problem at his desk.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember what he was doing, but he tried to use their own pheromones to rob them, but he said it didn't work.
[SPEAKER_01]: America.
[SPEAKER_00]: Chris, are you here tonight?
[SPEAKER_00]: no good i i did schedule a couple of meetings this afternoon that i invited you to
[SPEAKER_00]: you
[SPEAKER_00]: Was that for today?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: I didn't know if it was for Friday or today.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, no, I sent them up there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I invited to eat them too, because I thought they'd be back.
[SPEAKER_02]: We can talk and see if we just want to be us or if we want to like lift Jacob in or somebody else.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that'll work.
[SPEAKER_02]: You have to go through,
[SPEAKER_02]: Go to the main office after this but I'll call you after that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, that'll work.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right, that's all I got.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thanks, guys.